the second round both how it works
and yes I have to be right now
Tell something in the beginning and that
Everything is commented on because I'm one
a bit of pictures because I have that
already deleted
for this this gameplay here
you have just deleted
I do not know why I have the
maybe stripped down because I like
I have no idea
yes this is the last video from 2013
I'll come from me 2010 but then
2014 will continue
now yes, then just one day
or few hours on it and yes on everyone
case I've not even for 2014
nothing is done but you will
have done something and or something
then could definitely be in the
Write comments
yes, I have not set myself yet
to yes in any case the dogs goes
relatively short and I am in the
round also said that I here the pc
games has the audio video or have
I already know and that I am now
have a schedule and that comes on
Monday a new project where I am now
can not say more about it but
there will be new project then tuesday
graze games wednesday the cross goes it
on the peepshow attendance yes I know
then on thursday comes again so far
go from friday comes the new number
project then it is saturday there is indeed
both games then on sunday the 4th
and then it starts again and then always
the same thing
and yes I have this project how cool
we almost all do not know ourselves yet
what it is but good will as a motto
really cool
yes and I did not have the round I got
the lost games on the sheet because
so but you can definitely
you write in the comments what you
you have made for the next year
I've made a mix like me
already said
and somehow it is somehow full
quickly gone so no
I guess next what I'm doing there
I will not go to gamescom again
as indeed but I was just
my day and there, michael realized that
next many, I know now
already a bigger fan base or am i
but I'm probably there
2013 was actually full schilliger
year christmas was a bit
packed what it shook so I had
almost no one has a great mood
on it so for example also no
great mood on it because it was just
no snow it was nothing two
weeks of christmas gifts such a
little so this year christmas
It was not like that because it was not
snow and even because they are so stupid
and yes, we have New Year's Eve
said that we are not around
ballern always shoot whatever
because well, maybe you will always be
We already do that I think so
make and then he shoots now time
our neighbors and each one
Now I can do that against many
people then write first animal then
of course I am only for
all have gone too incompetent why
approach me then i could
I hardly have one more
and then he comes one more
I think but I know how cloud there
there is another
and yes because the stage is already the
round went much too fast and normal
story for girls after the other
student better but okay
even noticed relatively late
that wanted to work that I do
for deleted ok
and definitely next year
gamescom most likely
maybe not maybe
could not go completely with
They were happy or with colleagues
What do I know somehow this year ?
was somehow the time like the hottest
player out there I do not know
Battlefield 4 cashless were beginning
a bit shit so it can
really horny games out and I am
from 2013 also started with youtube so
what nine months do i believe i have
started
it's amazing how much I do that
have done and again to you 6000
a nice new one is the last one
video I already said in 2013 and
a good slip not too deep though
you someone most certainly looks her
People have even been there at one
recording with you have indeed synonymous if you
I'll keep that to Munich anyway
look forward to a like
and yes you can write what he does
New Year is waiting for you on youtube
and I would implement it so and so
What I've done so well this year
I have the gameplay running now
couple of seconds ago I 'm with the guy
me not playing some have said
Not me, because I'm not